[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> All right, so my
name is Jason Quitt.
And this presentation,
we're going
to go over some very
deep and mystical thing.
And I'm going to try to
simplify it the best I can.
I've been researching this
for 20 years at least.
And what I'm going to
share is the accumulation
of a lot of things that I've
worked on for many years.
So I'll start with a
quote from Manly P. Hall.
"When the human race learns to
read the language of symbolism,
a great veil will fall
from the eyes of men."
So, we're going to be delving
into a lot of symbolism.
And we're going to go look
at a lot of religious images,
and we're going to look at
even pictures from the Bible
or stories from the Bible.
And I want you to look at
it from the perspective
of symbolism of motifs.
Because once we
understand the symbolism
and once we understand what's
been hidden within certain texts
and images, another story
starts to show itself.
And these are the stories that
are taught in secret societies.
These are the stories that
are underneath what we know.
So, what if you were to discover
a secret knowledge hidden
in symbolism that has been
passed down through civilization
building cultures found
throughout the entire world,
obscured from the
general population,
only to be taught through
initiation, secret orders,
and ancestral wisdom keepers;
thousands of years of symbolism
hidden in plain sight through
the great works of art,
ancient artifacts, religious
texts, myths, tools,
and architecture, spanning
our known history,
only accessible to those
that hold the keys, that
decipher their true intentions?
And this gnosis, this
knowledge, is actually
a star language that
can be traced back
in time, unbroken since the
end of the last Ice Age--
I would even say
12,000 years ago--
protected by our
remote ancestors
for future generations, for us
to understand this knowledge.
Because this is our birthright.
This is our astral Genesis.
So we're going to get
into esoteric wisdom,
science of symbolism; creation
myths, and the hidden motifs
of astro-theology; rediscovering
the solar code, angles,
and ratios; and evidence of a
prehistoric worldwide knowledge.
How many of you have
heard of astro-theology?
OK, perfect.
Perfect.
The astro-theology
is creation, myth,
or myths that are
based on the movements
of the stars in the skies.
And I'm going to start
with the Tower of Babel,
because I think we're
all familiar with this.
And this is from the
Bible, Genesis 11.
It says, "Now the whole
world had one language
and a common speech.
Come, let us build
ourselves a city,
with a tower that
reaches to the heavens,
so that we may make
a name for ourselves.
If as one people speaking
the same language,
they have begun to do this,
then nothing they plan to do
will be impossible for them.
Come, let us go down and
confuse their languages,
so they will not
understand each other.
So the Lord scattered them
from there all over the earth,
and they stopped
building the city."
So the tower follows
the same motif
as the fall from
the Garden of Eden.
Once man and woman ate
the forbidden fruit,
they gained knowledge
of good and evil.
If they then ate
the fruit of life,
they would live forever
and be like a god.
To prevent humans from reaching
this godlike potential,
they are kicked
out of the garden.
The tower follows
the same theme.
Humans ascend the tower to
reach the heavens and God.
God prevents that
from happening.
"Babel" in Hebrew
translates to "confuse."
And tracking the etymology
of the word "Babel"
in ancient Akkadian, we get the
word 'Bab-ilu," which translates
to "gate of the gods."
I need you to remember this
term, the "gate of the gods."
This is the source of both the
words "Babel" and "Babylon."
And we hear a lot about
Babylon in the Bible, too.
The tower represents the
Sumerian ziggurats tower
of the gods, connecting
heaven and earth, which
are the astrological
observations which
were used as astrological
observatories
and a potent symbol of
ascending to the heavens.
So I'll just pose this question.
Was there a single language that
was spoken by our ancestors that
was lost when human populations
were scattered around the world
after a flood or a cataclysm?
Is there evidence of
this hidden language
throughout ancient cultures,
throughout the world?
Not just in the Mediterranean,
but through the entire world,
does this language
exist, a language
that gave humans knowledge
to achieve anything
they set their minds to?
And this is the
quote from the Bible,
"That nothing they plan to do
will be impossible for them."
Once they knew this
language, nothing
would be impossible to them.
And this was why they were
scattered around the earth.
So the science of
symbolism, mystical teaching
passed down through the ages
of oppression, persecution,
and gnosis--
so I'm going to start with
Leonardo da Vinci, because this
is very recent in our history.
And most people will know this.
Because he hid things
in his greatest works.
So here is "The Last Supper"
of Leonardo da Vinci.
And what I want to tell
you, that this is not just
a picture of Jesus
and the apostles.
This is a picture that is
veiled in so much symbolism
that I could probably
do a two-hour talk just
on this painting alone.
What I'm going to just
say is that this picture,
or this painting, is actually
the 12 constellations,
and Jesus is the sun.
So this is pastoral
theology in a painting.
And the way Leonardo
da Vinci did
this is actually so
ingenious, that he actually
put the geometry of the
stars into the painting.
And nobody has
figured this out yet.
So you're going to be
the first to know this.
So if you look at Jesus, he's
sitting right in the center.
And if you trace around him,
he's a perfect 52-degree
pyramid, just like
the pyramids of Egypt.
So let's zoom in
here and cut him out.
And as you can see, he has one
eye closed and one eye right
in the center.
So look at this.
It's the eye at the
top of the pyramid.
This goes back to very ancient
symbolism of the eye of Horus
and the Eye of Providence.
It's also the eye at the top of
the pyramid of the dollar bill.
These are very ancient symbols.
This goes back to Egypt and I
would say, even before Egypt,
as I'll show you.
So back to the painting, I'll
just show you the geometry here.
You see how the
apostles around him,
there is a 45-degree
perfect square.
From Jesus' eye is set
the center of perspective.
So from the eye, the entire
painting is done at 26 degrees.
Now, this is where
it gets interesting.
And this is where we start
getting the code that Leonardo
da Vinci was putting in here.
If you take the
edge of the table
and go up over
the apostles' arm,
you can see there's
a slope there.
It's at 23.5 degrees.
23.5 degrees is the
tilt of the Earth.
It's the Tropic of Cancer
and the Tropic of Capricorn.
At 23.5 degrees, that is
the secret of the seasons.
The seasons of the Earth
change at 23.5 degrees.
So if you counted
the constellations,
right where this curve
is in the center here,
that is 23 degrees of Cancer.
And over here, it's 23.5
degrees of Capricorn.
So he's putting astrology
and the motion of the planet
directly into his painting.
Now, behind him
is another symbol.
It's the three windows
or the two windows
and one door, which is
a very ancient symbol.
It's called the
Gate of the Gods.
Remember, Babylon is
called Gate of the Gods?
These are very ancient
symbols of these doorways.
And the doorways represented
the doorways of the seasons,
of the solstices
and the equinoxes,
as the sun passed through
these houses of the year.
And you can see this
all over the planet.
They have architecture
made directly
for this, where at
the winter solstice,
at Karnak, it goes through
the gates; Cambodia,
it goes right on
top of the tower.
Even in Japan and
Mexico, they have all
built structures
exactly the same
to show you the three
windows and the door.
So this is the movement
and tilt of the Earth.
In Petra-- we all know Petra.
But what people are
not really taught
is that it is also a calendar.
So as the sun passes through
the doorway in Petra,
it goes on to the altars inside.
And as it passes
in the altar, it
shows the winter
solstice, equinox,
and the summer solstice.
But what is not
really told about
is on the opposite side of the
mountain during the equinox,
a lion's head shadow
appears on the rocks.
So on the equinox, a lion or a
jaguar's head is on the rocks.
So this is Petra, Jordan.
This is Superstition
Mountain in Arizona.
On the equinox,
the mountain puts
the shape of a Jaguar shadow.
So the same technology, the
same motif, the same symbolism,
happens in Arizona
and in Petra, Jordan,
both thousands of years old.
How is this possible?
So back to Jesus,
this is all symbolism.
You can see his face is turned
in one direction, right?
It's facing a certain direction.
This has to do with the
trinity, the trinity
of the suns, the winter
solstice, equinox,
and summer solstice.
And this was a big
theme in medieval times.
And you could see around Jesus,
the three faces of Jesus,
there are the four
animals, the four angels,
or whatever they called them.
And it is an eagle, a
man, a bull, and a tiger.
And we know about these
animals because it's
in the story of Ezekiel.
And that's the four
angels, having four faces,
looking out at the
cardinal directions.
They have a face of a man,
a lion, an ox, and an eagle.
These are references
to the zodiac.
They are the cardinal
directions of the zodiac.
That's the wheels within wheels.
It's not a UFO.
It is the zodiac.
It's the movement of
the planetary bodies,
are the wheels within wheels.
And this is what
they're showing you.
They're showing you
the cardinal points.
You can see Scorpio,
which is the eagle.
You have the bull.
You have the man, which
is Aquarius, and the lion.
This is the zodiac, the
wheels within the wheels.
So what Leonardo
da Vinci was trying
to show us in this
picture was actually this.
This is the code.
And it shows the
movement of the Earth
and the sun from
the spring equinox,
solstice, equinox, to
the winter solstice,
as it moves through
the constellations.
So they knew this a
couple hundred years ago.
It's not too bad.
But I'm going to show you they
knew this 12,000 years ago,
exactly this.
So how did they know this.
12,000 years ago?
So this is what it looks like.
You have the Milky
Way galaxy, and you
have the zodiac, the signs.
And that line is the sun
moving through the signs.
And the Milky Way, it's a plane.
It's flat.
The reason it has this
serpent-like shape
is because the Earth tilts.
So over the course of the
year, the Earth is tilting.
So from our
observational point, it
looks like the Milky Way is
this serpent in space going
through the constellations.
So this is what it looks like.
You have the Earth
at the equinox.
Earth is straight, 0 degrees.
And then for the summer
solstice, it turns.
23.5 degrees.
And then at the winter solstice,
it comes back to the equinox,
and then it goes
another 23.5 degrees.
And it creates this
kind of geometry.
So this is the natural
geometry that the Earth
turns every single year.
And it looks exactly like what
the ancient Sanskrits would
talk about as the swastika,
which represents the solar deity
Surya, the sun of prosperity.
So you could say
the sun from spring
to summer is the sun of
prosperity, gives us life.
And then you have
the other swastika,
which represents
the goddess Kali,
which is the sun of destruction,
which goes from the autumn
equinox to the winter.
It kills the Earth.
So here is a picture of Anu, the
god of heavens, from Sumeria.
And I want you to pay close
attention to the symbol,
the cross around his neck.
So if we take the geometry
of the movement of the Earth,
and we place it over the cross,
you get the same geometry.
So did the Sumerians know
about the tilt of the Earth
and the seasons 6,000 years ago?
And did they hide
it in their art?
Today, we have many
artists that paint Jesus.
And this one I
wanted to show you
because it has something
very interesting on it, which
is called the globulus crucifix,
which is the orb and cross.
And this is in many paintings.
And its solar
symbolism, they say
it's Christ's sun's
domination over the world.
Now, if you draw the
geometry over this,
you get something
really interesting.
From the base of the
cross through these two
circles at the end
of the cross, you
get 23.5 degrees, exactly
the same as the curve
or the tilt of the Earth.
And then from the top
down, it's 45-degree angle.
We start to see very similar
geometry with the masons,
don't we?
Yes, this is very ancient.
But they're hiding
it in plain sight.
So here's this guy, and he's
holding a real one in his hand.
And I just wanted to
see if it was the same.
And it was exactly the same,
23.5 degrees and 45 degrees.
So it's right in our faces.
The symbology is
right in our faces,
but nobody teaches about-- what
does the real symbolism mean?
You have to be initiated
into knowing these things.
So the yearly cycle of the
sun through the 12 houses
of the constellations is
the astro-theological path
of the journey of the
soul through birth, death,
resurrection, and
ascension to heaven.
So here's from the
"Book of the Dead."
And everybody knows the "Book
of the Dead," very famous.
And this is an illustration
from the "Book of the Dead"
of the Singer of Amun.
So the Singer of Amun
is that lady there
holding the three
eyes in her hands.
And I want to show you this from
the astro-theological point.
You have Isis here standing
behind this singer,
and she's holding a strand
of wheat in her hand.
Now, if you know astrology, the
woman with the wheat in her hand
is Virgo, the Virgin.
This is where we get
the Virgin Mary from.
It's Virgo.
The scales, if you look at the
zodiac, the scales are Libra.
The scales of judgment
between light and dark.
What happens in Leo is we go
through the autumn equinox.
It's when the light on the
Earth is 12 hours equal.
So it's 12 hours of
light, 12 hours of dark.
And then after Libra, you
get bit by the scorpion,
and you die, the Scorpio.
And then darkness
takes over the light,
and you go into
winter, into death.
This is all
astro-theological themes.
You have Anubis,
which is Canis Major.
We know the famous star
Sirius is from there.
We have the bull's leg,
which is put up on the side.
Now the bull's leg is actually
the constellation Boötes.
And Osiris is Orion.
And what's really interesting
is during winter time,
if you look at the constellation
Boötes, during the winter,
the constellation goes
from the upright position
to its side in winter.
So it's going on
the altar, Altares.
It's another thing.
It goes on the altar in the sky.
So all of these images
are based on the stars.
And so they would teach one
knowledge to the people,
but they would teach another
knowledge to the pharaohs
to keep this knowledge going
down for thousands of years.
Here is Saint Gregory
of Tours of France,
known as the father
of French history.
And he wrote something
really interesting
that I want to share with you,
because it unravels a big rabbit
hole.
He wrote about the
constellation Cygnus,
which is the Great
Northern Cross in the sky.
It's very easy to see.
And he referred to
the constellation
of Delphinus and Lyra
as alpha and omega,
which creates the symbol
of the alpha and omega
on either side of the cross.
So there's the cross with
the alpha and omega hanging
from the cross.
And here's the
Northern Cross, Cygnus.
And underneath the cross,
you have Delphinus and Lyra,
two constellations under Cygnus.
Doesn't that look
exactly like the cross
with the two alpha and omega?
And if you go down further
of the "Book of the Dead,"
you have the cross,
which is the scales,
with the heart and the feather.
Delphinus and Lyra.
And what's very interesting
is Delphinus has another name.
It's called Job's Coffin.
And nobody remembers why
they call it Job's Coffin.
And the story of Job is
actually the oldest story
of biblical texts.
It's actually predates the
story of Genesis by 400 years.
So it's the oldest text
in the Bible, is Job.
And the theme of
the story is God
is testing Job's faith
with Satan, the adversary.
That's all that means, and
suggests that Job only serves
God because he is protected.
And if everything was taken
from Job, he would curse God.
The motif is the
same as the weighing
of the heart, where the
individual's heart is
weighed on the scales of truth.
God was testing the heart of
Job against evil and misfortune.
And if you go to etymology,
it's very interesting.
Job-- the container
of the heart that
is weighed on the scales
in Egypt is called ib.
It's the same word.
"Job" and "ib" is the same word.
So it's the ib.
It's the heart.
It's the Job, the heart of man,
which is weighed on the scales.
So everything is connected.
It's just we've
lost the connection
to all this information.
So now we're going to get
into the creation myths
and the primordial waters.
And you have this
really cool image
here of the god Nun in the
dark waters before creation,
holding the boat, the
barge, with the sun on it.
And the story is, just very
simply, everything is darkness.
Everything is
chaos, dark waters.
There's no light.
There's no creation.
And Ra awakens by
knowing his name.
So suddenly, he is
aware of his name.
He speaks his name, Ra.
And as he does
that, he rises out
of the dark waters as the
rising sun, and the light
of Ra touches down on Earth.
Or what they call the mound.
His light touches the mound.
And that mound is
called the Benben stone.
Now, the top of the pyramid
is called the Benben stone.
So Ra's light, the
first light of Ra
touches the Benben stone, which
was in the shape of a pyramid.
So pyramids are to honor
the first light of creation.
All pyramids are
solar symbolism.
That's why you have
the pyramid over Jesus,
because Jesus is, in that
picture, a solar symbol.
This is the secret.
And you see this weird
glyph above the boat.
It's like the head
touching the feet.
This is thousands of
years old, head touching
the feet, this thing.
This is an image that's been
carried forward through time.
And it's called
The Man in the Sky.
And the man in the
sky is the year.
That's what it is.
It's like the throne of God.
It's the year.
The man in the sky
goes through in a cycle
all the constellations
of the zodiac.
So we have the same symbolism
thousands of years ago in Egypt
to today, same thing.
And here is the
mounds of creation.
This is very important
symbolism, these two mounds
with the sun in between it.
And you have the two
goddesses watering creation,
with the primordial waters.
Here you have the Aker Lyons
motif, which is the two lions.
And we know in
symbolisms, the lions
are the sun looking in the
two directions of the winter
solstice and summer solstice.
We have the equinox
sun between them.
And you can see the
ankh is in between.
This is the perfect balance
of life, the equinox.
And if you look closely
where the sun is,
you see the two mounds of
Creation, the two hills.
You have Isis and
Nephthys in this image,
honoring the Djed pillar and
the ankh with the sun above it.
It's the same symbolism.
And if you look closely,
look at their feet.
Each one of their feet in
the back is touching what?
The two mounds of creation.
So this is solar symbolism.
They're showing you the seasons.
This is a calendar.
And if you put it from
their eye to their feet,
it's a 23.5 degree angle.
They're talking about
the tilt of the Earth.
Now, the mounds of creation
are very interesting symbolism.
You have the mound in the west.
Now, what happens in the west?
The sun sets.
So it's the symbolism of dying.
The sun dies in the west.
In Egypt, when you die, you
travel to the western horizon.
You go to the western hill,
the Western mound of creation,
when you die.
And you're greeted by Hathor.
And in this picture,
you have Hathor
as the bull emerging
from the western mound
to greet you as you die.
Now, in Etruscan
gods, you have Vatika,
who is also the goddess
of the mound of the west.
And she has the
Necropolis, where
the dead go into the hill
on the western Horizon.
And we all know
the Vatican, right?
Vatican is named after
Vatika, the Etruscan goddess.
And it is built on the ancient
hill that the Romans honored,
Vatika.
So this is ancient, ancient
stuff, the western mound.
So the sun is born out
of the mound of creation
of the east, rises, and then it
dies in the mound of the west.
So this is the cycle of birth,
death, and resurrection.
It's based on these
mounds of creation.
Now, here's a Babylonian seal.
What do you see?
The two mounds and the god--
I think this is Marduk--
rising between the two mounds.
And it's solar symbolism.
Again, so it's the sun rising
between the two mounds.
And you have the
Babylonian trees
of life growing on
the mounds that he's
pouring the water down.
This is in Cusco, Peru.
You have these two
mounds of this site.
That's not really well known.
And they don't know
anything about this,
but they say that this is
an astrological observatory
from the ancient people
that lived there.
Now, this is important because
Peru has incredible sites
for solar observation.
In fact, they have one
of the best in the world,
going back to 2,300 years.
And this is how it works.
So they have these mounds, just
like the mounds of creation,
set up on a ridge.
And it measures the time.
So you can see the sun
setting behind the mounds.
And they can tell the dates from
the solstice to the equinoxes.
Now, I want you to see this.
This is a 3,000-year-old
petroglyph of a man running away
from a snake.
That's what they think this is.
And this is from Sweden.
But just look closely.
Does that man look like
he's running from a snake,
or he looks happy to see it?
Right?
And then what's above
one of these mounds?
The sun.
So I'm just going to
go back for a second.
Look at this.
It's the same symbolism
separated by the entire planet.
It's the opposite
side of the planet,
but it's showing you the same
technology 3,000 years ago,
same understanding,
same knowledge.
And these sites are
all over America.
This is Poverty
Point in Mississippi.
They set up mounds.
You ever hear of
the mound builders?
The mounds, the mounds
of the east and the west.
They measured where the
sun will go into the mounds
and come out of the mounds on
the equinoxes and solstices--
same technology, same
understanding in America.
This is a Akkadian
cylinder from 2,300 BC,
depicting the deities
Ishtar, Shamash, and Enki.
Look carefully.
It's the two mounds.
And they're rising
out of the two mounds
or stepping on the mounds.
This is the symbolism to
show you a date and time.
This is showing you a date.
Each deity represents a sun in
a different time of the year.
[MUSIC PLAYING]